Adding info about the cla + other things (#229)
Microsoft/accessibility-insights-windows: docs/FAQ.md

#### Q. Where can I find out more about a specific rule?
Explanations for all rules can be found at [Rules explained].

> 

Reviewer: Do we want to keep the question and point them to the new docs?

Author: @RobGallo - You did add a question to this same effect in this doc and I think that covered this question well so I thought of deleting it. I will go ahead and merge this and if you still think we should solve this a different way then I am more than happy to open a new PR after we discuss.

#### Q. How do I add a project to the solution?
Visit [Adding a new project](NewProject.md) for instructions.

#### Q. On my PR the "license/cla" check does not complete. What should I do?

> Please close and reopen the PR. Make sure that you have signed our [CLA agreement](../Contributing.md) before closing and reopening the PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure that you have signed our [CLA agreement](../Contributing.md). If you haven't, please sign the agreement, then close and reopen the PR. This will trigger a new build with the CLA agreement in place.
```
